----------------
What would you say is your greatest talent or skill? How have you developed and demonstrated that talent over time?
----------------

While playing different types of games, sometimes I didn't like some of their feature and wanted to add my own which was not possible at that time. One day I heard that I can make my own games by doing programming. That's how I was introduced with this term now it has become an unavoidable part of my identity. 

I liked computer related stuffs from my childhood. And after that introduction of programming as a "game making tool", I started to learn programming in C. But soon, I realized programming is not all about game making. The best thing I learned from programming is problem solving. It's not like that I can solve any problem, but I learned how to solve them, breaking them into pieces. By practicing programming problem in online judges, I can now easily think about the worst case relating the problem, even in real life problems.

On my first programming competition, I stood second in my division and was quite excited. Then I attended the national round but couldn't manage to solve a single problem! Before that I thought I know good enough about programming, that contest opened my eyes and I understood I have to go so far. I learned C++ then for improved features, then some advanced mathematics as well as data structures and algorithms. These efforts later helped me in some other way such as the maths that I had to learn helped me to do well in 11th and 12th grade mathematics course. The next year, I got selected to national in the next year. And I got chance to participate in the national programming camp 2016. I always dreamt of attending this camp and dream came true. But that eye-opening thing happened again. The topics that were taught in the camp were almost unknown. So I barely could understand one thing that I've to learn them all.

Later that year, I founded that the judging algorithm of open source online judges are so complex as well setting up them was much hard. So I started researching about the simplification of judging architecture and found one. Then I coded a platform using that algorithm named CoderzWar with PHP & Bash. I submitted my research project in a science research competition named Children Science Congress and became champion in the national round. 

I was the only one from my district to ever attend the national programming camp. Students of my district were not good enough and they lacked of guidelines. So, I thought of arranging a programming camp and teach them the things I learned from the national camp. I contacted with a science club to organize a programming camp of 3 days. I taught there basics of problem solving with programming. 

Besides problem solving, I love to make new things. While I attended math olympiad, I could not do well because of less resources in my native language. So, I came up with a website taking help from my other friends from math olympiad to provide practice problem with answer checking & scoring system in bengali. Now we are expanding to physics olympiad problems too. 

Besides, programming helped me to make friends. I met a lot of new people when I went to participate in programming contests of several instituions. And then, when I needed help while solving problems, I discussed with them. By doing these, I learned some new techniques such as writing templates or using rich editors etc. 

Programming is a thing that helped me achieve some things that I always dreamt of. I am committed to study computer engineering further and make myself the person I want to be, a dedicated successful programmer who plays a leading role to make world a better place.







